I think I changed my life. Ah, lot. Ever since becoming a supervisor,
I remember being a second class, um, getting done with the work. And
you want the work to be done as quickly as possible because, you know
that, um, soon you get done. That means that, like, come 1600 they're
gonna let you off at that exact time. If you're ever, um, if your
job ever needs a longer amount of time, then you know you're gonna
just stay there longer, so it's better to get it done quicker than
later. Um, as a supervisor, though, like, things are slightly different.
Of course, you want the work to be done, uh, immediately, but
you see everything that's on your plate so you actually want to do to
be most efficient with your time.